so I did a video on how to boost your
content marketing strategy where I talk
about how content promotion is more
important than content creation but I
didn't dive into a detail how you can do
that so that's what I'm going to do
today what are some of the ways that you
can promote your
content I want to show you 16 I mean 16
ways you can promote your content so
buckle up that's give you content a
fighting G to be seen
okay and if you like the content please
like this video And subscribe to my
channel I would love you so much I
would so now you have created a
wonderful ebook or a long form content
you are so excited to share now what the
first will start with your
website number one thing you should do
is to create landing page create a
dedicated landing page for digital
downloads with a clear and a compelling
description and that's very very
important along with a form for visitors
to be able to submit their details so
you can follow up with them number
two website homepage feature this
content prominently on your website
homepage to capture the tension of
visitors right away for example you can
easily change the button schedule call
to be download preny title preny
ebook right make that pretty
clear number three co-al boox for blog
post so if you read a lot of blog post
you will notice like when you are
reading reading reading in the middle of
the post there is a box that encourage
you to actually download or read
something else so you can create a
nicely designed coal box in the middle
of blog posts to allow for easy
downloading of your
Masterpiece feature resources check out
your own website to see if you have
something called featured resource
listed anywhere if you do you can use it
to swap out various pieces of content on
regular basis using as an opportunity to
showcase your collection what about
about us page in some about us page you
can integrate download as valuable
resources or simply you can add the coal
box you created for your blog post you
can also add that in the middle of the
about us page once you created that try
to add it to anywhere from your
perspective that makes sense
some people actually add the content on
the contact page as well so if you want
to do that just make sure your design is
seamless that you can provide a download
option on the contact page to encourage
visitors to engage further with your
content but again do it when it makes
sense Don't Force
It Leal option is thank you page after
filling out contact form of for digital
downloads as a bonus on the thank you
page after a visitor completes a form
then encouraging further engagement and
lead capture
yay obviously to do all these you need
to know your website pretty well that
means you need to work with your web
master so that pretty much covers the
website what about the rest what are the
other things you can do to promote your
content number one everybody go for this
option paid advertising campaigns
utilize payperclick
PPC ads social media ads or sponsored
content to drive traffic to your landing
page featuring your digital downloads
which is your content pay is a very
common way to drive a traffic to a
landing page almost everybody uses that
to actually increase the traffic and get
your content to be seen next obviously
social media profiles and the posts a
lot of you do post about your content
that's great but you can also share the
digital downloads on your social media
profiles so don't leave the social media
profiles as stagnant as it should be
sometimes change it add some digital
downloads as part of your profile also
encourage hopefully that people will
check out your profile and drive your
traffic to your
website another common way to actually
get your content to be seen is email
marketing promote digital downloads in
your email campaigns to nurture lead and
encourage people to download your
resources and that is also very very
comment marketing tactics that everybody
use to actually share their masterpieces
this if you actually have a podcast yay
use your podcast to mention your content
as a follow-up resource for participants
to
access the other one that you can think
through is a little bit I would say more
complicated is add your content as a
part of drip email sequences so assume
you have a drip email sequences for new
subscribers or as part of even followup
you can use
these as a platform to incorporate your
content obviously you have to work very
closely with your email marketing
managers and also event
managers now the thing is when people
signed up for newsletter this again can
be part of a drip email or you can
activate that a thank you email as a
bonus to share this piece of content of
yours the next things I want to mention
is webinars and events so showcase the
print copies or digital downloads during
webinars or again use your content as a
part of email followup of the webinars
and events share more value with your
prospects and during the webinar you can
also add a QR code to the deck and if
it's part of the event you can also have
a QR code prominently available
that people can actually just capture
with their phone okay at the event
Booth so I mentioned 14 ways to promote
your content so far here are two
more you can also partner with other
businesses or influencers to promote the
digital content to their audiences
hopefully is overlapping with yours for
expand reach and the generation
obviously you can do this in both
organic or pay efforts you can reach out
to influencer yourself or you can pay
them to actually showcase your content
so that's the partnership type of
collaboration the last option is guest
blog posts to drive traffic back to your
site offer downloads of your content as
a bonus resource in guest blog post on
other website at the same time you also
need to educate your management team and
Executives about the fact that all
content placement and promotion takes
time to do it right it's not something
like oh you know what create landing
page and then that's it no it doesn't
work that here's the reality because
it's so much
work marketer tend to opt out of doing
only four things the most common way of
doing it one is add a landing page
number two Place content on the homepage
number three pay ads that's very very
common number four is just send out one
promotional email so landing page
homepage pay ads and email marketing
tend to be the most common way to do it
so I would suggest that you explore
other ways to Showcase your content but
again you know it does take a lot of
time to do it and there's no right or
wrong way of doing it in terms of what
methods or what tactics you use one of
my clients that they only focus on two
tactics number one is the homepage and
Ling page the other one is they reach
out to massive massive amount of
influencers to actually share their
content that's the only thing they do
and it works very well for them as well
so you have to kind of think through in
terms what are the way that you want to
promote your content so let me know if I
miss anything and don't don't forget to
like comment and subscribe talk to you
soon take care bye